I think up water orange juice and what
looks like cider takes it yep
it's fat I drank fat yeah I know I did
that two minutes ago hey hey mr. tux why
aren't you guys dressed we have a half
hour no four minutes ago you had a half
hour we have to be out the door 22-8
where let X Ross we'll be ready
well it takes us two minutes to get
dressed but you know I feel a whole lot
better if you got dressed now okay hey
oh look at you all sexy
really oh come over yeah cuz I'm a
stupid stupid man hey Ross
want some cider no oh well let's see
your pretty clothes huh Oh makeups on
hair is done yeah I just have to get
dressed
yay and that takes what just six or
seven minutes yep once I figure out what
I'm wearing glass of fat
what's the matter Ross you nervous about
your speech nope you want to hear it
am I in it uh-huh
Yeah right after I thank everyone for
giving money to the museum I sing a song
about the wonder that is Joey hey hello
you look great
thank you I know though you see this
this is a person who is ready to go
Phoebe you oh you are my star oh well
you're my Lucky Penny all right I took
the quiz and it turns out I do put
career before men get up what here my
seat how is this your seat because I was
sitting there but then you left well
it's not like I went to Spain I went to
the bathroom you knew I was coming back
what's the big deal since um what else
took big deal as I was sitting there
last so it's my seat well actually the
last place you were sitting was in there
so you guys you know what you know what
it doesn't matter because you both have
to go get dressed before the big vein in
my head pops so all right Ross I just
have to do one thing really quickly it's
not a big deal get up
hi ooh you look great now for already
ooh are you gonna do magic that's that's
funny
changed hey got a second I just got in
look I don't care it starts at 8:00 we
can't be late he could not would not
want to wait look our table is down in
front okay my boss is gonna be there
everyone will see if we arrive after it
starts has somebody been drinking my fat
you guys does this look like something
the girlfriend of a paleontologist would
wear I don't know you might be the first
one Rach did you check the machine uh no
wait you know what this is the outfit
that makes my calves look fat never mind
well Joey I wrote a little song today
it's called get up all right you can
have the chair really Oh Mike would you
look at that